STALKERSOUP: Micro Patch 1.0.9.9.8.3 - FREE PLAY BETA RELEASE - Mar 20, 2015
Patches 109950 thru 109982 to 109983.
Replaces files, new game NOT required.

All users should update.
109983: (requires 109983 bare gamedata folder )
Fixed actor factions.
More quest fixes and tweaks.
Added several more articles and PDA descriptions.
Fixed parent check for artifacts and weapons.
More localization and dialog improvements.
Added and improved icons and some HUD textures (thanks aleks1970).
Added more content to level-up 2.

109981: (requires 109982 bare gamedata folder )
Blowouts further improved and expanded to better support the outer areas.
More fixes to quests and storyline.
New active community system properly managing the actor community.
Additional HDR control and PDA 'reset all' sets advanced graphics to engine default.
New indoor/outdoor HDR control to protect indoor mood lighting.
Improved trader scheme control.
New artefact system that keeps the original SOC arts until level-up 1.
Improved coefficient system that smoothly increases with difficulty/rank/level-up.

109980: (requires 109980 bare gamdata folder)
Blowouts improved, also 40% increase in loop speed.
Several more fixes to quests and storyline.
Collector, treasure hunt and ZEP now articles in journal.
More new characters in the new levels.
Completion of level-up 1 (Collector) and start of level-up 2 (Desolation).

109977: (Collector needs new start for new characters in the all.spawn)
Several fixes
Fixed anoms from overrunning
Corpse checked turns corpse dot on biomap to black
Better logic on start code to prevent update errors
More refinements to looting system
Wild Territory lc off until actor gets x16 quest to prevent player from going too soon (new start only)
Added player and kruglov to the Hell Hour ignore list
Additional content in Collector level up 1 and 2

109976: (new bare gamedata folder 109977, users should migrate to it)
More fixes
Redesigned arts to spawn per level vice per zone
Fixed runaway sorter boxes on inventory open
Added more content and restored more respawns
Minor adjustments to some weapons
Minor adjustments to blood, details and bump textures

109975: (new bare gamedata folder, users should migrate to it)
More fixes
New advanced graphics menu and adjusted sun/hdr
Redesigned xr_spawner
Better integrated cleaner in watcher
Restored missing respawns in warehouses

109974: (new TB3D_Modders.script, users should migrate to it)
Several quest fixes and improvements
More localization
New plug ins manager

109973: (new tb3d_modders.script just adds force_garbage_collect)
Fixes glow sticks (my bad).
Completion of 'Creatures of the Night' spawns.
Some icons for new items in stashes.
Some portals to make travelling easier.

109972: (still uses 109970 Bare gamedata folder)
Fixes two treasure hunt crashes.
Fixes tunnel exit ctd in Yantar.
Fixes several errors in new localization submissions.
More dynamic content.
One new key character (Barman in waiting Room).
Several improvements to ui and pda.

109971: (still uses 109970 Bare gamedata folder)
Kruglov at tunnel fixed.
Transmutator fixed.
Sleep messages fixed.
Cyrillic removed from weapons descriptions.
Shadows Cube quest rewritten.
Autosave prevention during menu pause.
More dynamic spawns.
More dynamic mobs.
Ghost PDA audio fixed (prolog error on exit to yantar still exists).
X16 photo of Brain fixed so glass won't break.
More tweaks in performance and memory handling.

109970:
Collector Treasure Hunt now two parts and has an ending.
ZEP and Gold Bars done up to the final transition to level-up 2 (Desolation).
PDA message system revamped.
HUD Timer returned to top center but renders over HUD now.
Several additions to the invulnerable list.
Several quest fixes and Cube quest redone with better control over broken flashlight.
More localization and some dialog/name fixes.
Corrected some level changers.
Added lots more dynamic content and some more toys to play with.

109960:
New smart terrain system
Improved respawner
many quest/spawn fixes
Final all.spawn
Skip teleports for testers (skip_to_mil, skip_to_sar, skip_monolith and skip_oso)

109950:
Fixed/added content in the all.spawn.
Redesigned media player with new station: Zone Underground.
Many fixes to STALKER NS game play.
New content from dAVROs for the Collector Treasure Hunt.
Massive amount of added content by me (TecnoBacon).
Active turrets in many levels as Collector.
Drivable ARMED tanks in Collector levels.
Adjusted/added several level changers.
More localization and names/dialog improvements.

109944:
New media player that supports plug-ins and operates 100%.
Completely localized arhara_dialog.script (sms messages).
More added to the population controller.
Fixed NV in Yantar and Chaes.

109943:
Identifies and corrects bad sak teleports.
Localization of arhara_dialog.script.
Eliminates ctd after helping Fox.
Eliminates random ctd in Garbage.
Improves SMS messages and displays them on screen.

109942:
Fixes all spawns/respawns.
Isolates extended levels during STALKER/NS game play.
Fixes several items.
Improved SMS system.
Actor.ltx jump speed changed to 8.5 from 11 (collector Hunt Requirement)
New game recommended but not required.

109941:
New game required: This is my fault; I failed to change the SAK teleport references
to the new all.spawn. As you play and get those teleports strange things happen to your save.
If you want all the alife and npc back then you really do need to start over.

INSTALLATION: Visit www.tecnobacon.com for the latest installation instructions.

Patch Info: Will now be posted on the web site as they are too numerous to post here.

MAILTO: STALKERSOUP@tecnobacon.com						Facebook: STALKERSOUP
			Steam Group: S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Poormans Soup (STALKERSOUP)
